added new isMultiple and selectSize props (#4414)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/components/selectfield/react.mdx

  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### Multiple selections

Use the `isMultiple` prop to specify that multiple options can be selected at once.
* For Mac: Hold down the command button to select multiple options
* For Windows: Hold down the control button to select multiple options

<Example>
  <SelectFieldMultipleStateExample />
  
  <ExampleCode>

```jsx file=./examples/SelectFieldMultipleStateExample.tsx

```

  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### Select size

> The `size` attribute sets the number of visible options in a drop-down list. Use the `selectSize` prop to set the `size` attribute value. If the value of the `selectSize` prop is greater than 1, but lower than the total number of options in the list, the browser will add a scroll bar to indicate that there are more options to view.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing to me. Am I supposed to use `size` or `selectSize` to control the number of visible options in a drop-down list? I think what you are trying to say is that the HTML size attribute controls the number of visible options in a drop-down list, but it might be clearer not to talk about that at all and only mention the `selectSize` prop, since that's what users will be using for this.

Author: Agree, removed `size` reference, so only `selectSize` is used. May be for a future improvements to avoid this confusion we can swap functionality between those props, so our custom prop size would have a native html attr size functionality.

  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

> ### Multiple state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Multiple selections
```
nit: Maybe a different heading? Since we're not really doing anything with state.

> The `multiple` attribute specifies that multiple options can be selected at once. If the `multiple` attribute is present, the default value for the `size` attribute is 4. Use the `isMultiple` prop to set the state for the SelectField. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `isMultiple` prop to specify that multiple options can be selected at once.
```
I think we can simplify this down.
